fix(curriculum): clarify instructions with implicit return on JS spreadsheet step34 (#54274)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-functional-programming-by-building-a-spreadsheet/6449842c6f6c84261075e4c9.md

assert.match(code, /const\s+evalFormula\s*=\s*\(\s*x\s*,\s*cells\s*\)\s*=>\s*{\s*const\s+idToText\s*=\s*(\(\s*id\s*\)|id)\s*=>/);
```

> You should assign `idToText` the result of calling the `.find()` method on your `cells` array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `idToText` function should return the result of calling the `.find()` method on your `cells` array.
```

This assert message isn't worded correctly (I know you didn't write it).

`idToText` contains a function, it doesn't contain the function's own return value.

```js
assert.notMatch(code, /const\s+evalFormula\s*=\s*\(\s*x\s*,\s*cells\s*\)\s*=>\s*{\s*const\s+idToText\s*=\s*(\(\s*id\s*\)|id)\s*=>\s*cells\.find\(\s*(\(\s*cell\s*\)|cell)\s*=>\s*\{/);
```

> Your callback function should use an implicit return.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `idToText` function should use an implicit return.
```

> Your `idToText` function should use an implicit return.

Author: Sorry, I didn't get what you are thinking; line 42 (`You should assign `idToText` the result of calling the `.find()` method on your `cells` array.`) was not added by me but it gets evaluated as new by github even if it has not been changing from previous commits.

So I added only JS and label below (`Your `idToText` function should use an implicit return.`)

assert.match(code, /const\s+evalFormula\s*=\s*\(\s*x\s*,\s*cells\s*\)\s*=>\s*{\s*const\s+idToText\s*=\s*(\(\s*id\s*\)|id)\s*=>\s*cells\.find\(\s*(\(\s*cell\s*\)|cell)\s*=>/);
```

> Your `.find()` callback should use an implicit return.

Reviewer 2: I made the suggestion because it's made in other fCC challenges, like the [Shopping Cart](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/c98e1803a375aa08ada3189e2b41301b4446ac08/curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-oop-by-building-a-shopping-cart/63f02a4ef92d711ec1ff618c.md?plain=1#L45) and the [Spreadsheet challenge itself](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/c98e1803a375aa08ada3189e2b41301b4446ac08/curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-functional-programming-by-building-a-spreadsheet/64345b810a6e481e5e326849.md?plain=1#L40).

Also, probably being more explicit it's more helpful than not.

> Your `.find()` callback should use an implicit return.

Author: Ok, @huyenltnguyen and @juancaorg 
If it's ok with y'all I would proceed as it follows:

- For this specific PR I would revert this last change
- If we want to clarify better the hints we could open a new issue and discuss on that and eventually make the changes needed.

What do you think?

> Your `.find()` callback should use an implicit return.

Reviewer 2: Sure! It is fine by me.
